feat(K8sRancher): adding info to monitor rancher CP (#7320)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/kubernetes-pixie/kubernetes-integration/advanced-configuration/configure-control-plane-monitoring.mdx

Please note that this only applies to the API Server and that etcd, the scheduler, and the controller manager remain inaccessible in cloud environments.

#### Control plane monitoring for Rancher RKE1 [#rancher]

> Clusters deployed leveraging Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE1) run Control Plane components as Docker containers and not as Pods managed by the Kubelet. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clusters deployed leveraging Rancher Kubernetes Engine (RKE1) run control plane components as Docker containers and not as Pods managed by the Kubelet. 
```

Therefore, the integration cannot autodiscover those containers and every endpoint needs to be manually specified in the `staticEndpoint` section of the integration configuration.

> Notice that the integration requires to be able to reach the different endpoints either connecting directly, with the available authentication methods (no-auth / token authentication / MTLS authentication), or thorugh a proxy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notice that the integration requires to be able to reach the different endpoints either connecting directly, with the available authentication methods (service account token, custom mTLS certificates, or none), or through a proxy.
```

> For example, in order to make reachable the `Scheduler` and the `Controller Manager` metrics you might need to add the [flag](https://kubernetes.io/docs/reference/command-line-tools-reference/kube-scheduler/) `--authorization-always-allow-paths` allowing `/metrics` or `--authentication-kubeconfig` and `--authorization-kubeconfig` to enable token authentication.

Reviewer: Are we using `Backticks` for control plane components elsewhere?

Author: mmm we do not

            type: bearer
```

In this example, the integration needs to run on the same node of each control plane component having the `hostNetwork` option set to true, since it is connecting locally to each `staticEndpoint`. 

> Therefore, `controlPlane.kind` has to be kept as `DaemonSet`, moreover, the DaemonSet needs affinity rules, nodeSelector and tolerations configured so that all instances are running on all control plane nodes you want to monitor.

Reviewer: A small issue I see suggesting this config would be that if there is a master node where one of the components is _not_ running, the integration will fail as `staticEndpoints` are a hard fail if unreachable.

I think we should mention this caveat somewhere, but I'm not fully sure how 🤔

Author: Whenever [you register](https://rancher.com/docs/rancher/v2.5/en/cluster-provisioning/rke-clusters/custom-nodes/agent-options/#role-options) there are only 4 options:

PARAMETER | ENVIRONMENT VARIABLE | DESCRIPTION
-- | -- | --
--all-roles | ALL=true | Apply all roles (etcd,controlplane,worker) to the node
--etcd | ETCD=true | Apply the role etcd to the node
--controlplane | CONTROL=true | Apply the role controlplane to the node
--worker | WORKER=true | Apply the role worker to the node

The suggested configuration does not have etcd because of that and because it is way more difficult to configure. MTLS, changes in etcd config itself or proxy

Author: <img width="977" alt="Screen Shot 2022-04-28 at 11 14 47 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43335750/165719890-2a2b3153-4173-4de1-b2aa-d6575bb429b1.png">
